no i'm not being a jerk just for the
sake
of being a jerk we all know that this
youtube channel
would be much more entertaining and
would have
many more viewers if i did just that i'm
wanting to raise a serious
question here of the ways in which
celebrity culture
devours and destroys democracy
to kick this off i commented on twitter
nobody elected greta thundberg nobody
she represents the issue only to the
same extent
that angelina jolie represents
cambodia less so
now angelina jolie is a carefully chosen
comparison
she was spending a lot of time in
cambodia thailand and laos during the
same years that i was
in many ways she has a commitment to
cambodia even though it's an adoptive
commitment literally and figuratively
she bought some land there
whatever she sunk a lot of years of her
life into cambodia and things cambodian
still it's deeply problematic that she
has this
important role in cambodian politics
even more important in california
you know the cambodian uh migrant
community living california zone
that is fundamentally unearned and is
based on the fact that
people think she has a pretty face it's
just not
really a good basis for a position of
political leadership or to have an
influential opinion on politics when
interviewed in the
in the newspapers but let's compare
greta thunder
how did greta thunder become famous do
you guys forget
she rode across the ocean in a 1.2
million euro yacht
that's an interesting way to get famous
that's an interesting way
to rise to a position of political
influence
and be invited to speak at united
nations forums
at major international that's that's
certainly an interesting qualification
do you know what sort of person has the
opportunity
to to go yachting
in a multi-million dollar yacht you know
what sort of person gets to buy
that sort of theme an incredibly wealthy
person now i do not think greta
thundberg herself
has the has the money in the bank to pay
for this opportunity
but why don't why don't journalists
google around a little bit
and find out who did oh it was in fact
the rothschild family the boat was
formerly named edmund
rothschild it was named after the father
of the financier benjamin the rothschild
who paid for this boat now i do not know
he paid for a hundred percent of it or
if he was just one of the major donors
but it seems that swiss banker benjamin
rothschild
is the money behind this boat and i
don't know to what extent
he is the donor behind this voyage to
take a mentally disabled teenager
and put her on a boat yeah that's right
y'all i said it
mentally disabled asperger's syndrome
obsessive-compulsive disorder and
selective
mutism all right i've said this recently
on the channel in a different context
asperger's syndrome does not just mean
you're a slightly quirky character
on a california sitcom it's a serious
disability
it is a form of mental retardation
and that is who and what greta thunder
is she is a mentally [ __ ]
teenager by the strict definition
of mentally [ __ ] and you know what
she may be more intelligent
than angelina jolie i hate to make the
comparison i'd hate to figure out who
wins
in that arm wrestling match over who has
a greater intellect or has more to offer
the world of international politics
greta thumb burger man ancillary julie
do you want to live in a society
where we are ruled by celebrities or
where supposedly
elite levels of supposedly democratic
and bureaucratic governance are open to
people like angelina jolie and people
like greta thunder
to sit at that table to sit at the
microphone
to either have real influence or at
least to wield
a semblance of influence on behalf of
the public
on behalf of you and i neither angelina
jolie
nor greta thunderberg have passed
through any of the levels of public
scrutiny and cross-examination
that you would have to pass through to
be elected as the mayor
of a small town that's a modest measure
of democracy but please think about how
difficult it would be for me
yes i myself if i wanted to run for
mayor of a small town
the local press the local radio station
the local newspapers
would pick through every one of my
youtube videos every one of my offensive
opinions
they'd go and interview someone who knew
me in high school
who claims that i said some racist stuff
when i was
15 years old or something they would dig
up all the dirt everything would
cross-examine i'd have to justify all of
my promises and all my claims
if i made promises to improve the
environment when running for mayor i'd
have to do the math and prove them exist
there'd be a huge level of scrutiny and
you know what that that scrutiny
it is one of the fundamentally redeeming
qualities of the democratic system and
if i if i manage to get elected
to the mayor to be mayor of a small town
at least i'd be able to say
yes i represent these people
i put myself forward as a candidate and
i was chosen to play this role to play
this job
so respect my opinion to
that extent democracy
is weak it can be devoured
by bureaucracy it can be devoured by
fascism
it can be devoured by socialism it can
be devoured by communism
and it can be devoured by celebrity
headline culture and the likes of
angelina jolie
i mean really people like to disrespect
my crew but the fact is that you know my
name and i don't know you